## Brazilian Fiscal Addons Pack 1 (BR1) 
#### (will be replaced by BR2)
- br_coa_base
    - Whats for: Brazilian Accounting Charts Plan Base

- l10n_br_op_account_base
    - Whats for: Brazilian Accounting Localization Base

- l10n_br_op_account_data
    - Whats for: TrackErp Brazilian Localization Data account Base

- l10n_br_op_account_fiscal
    - Whats for: TrackErp Brazilian Localization Data fiscal account

- l10n_br_op_base
    - Whats for: TrackErp Brazilian Localization Base

- l10n_br_op_base_fiscal
    - Whats for: TrackErp Brazilian Localization Fiscal Base

- l10n_br_op_crm
    - Whats for: TrackErp Brazilian Localization CRM

- l10n_br_op_data_base
    - Whats for: TrackErp Brazilian Localization Data Extension for Base

- l10n_br_op_stock_base
    - Whats for: TrackErp Brazilian Localization Stock Base

- l10n_br_op_zip
    - Whats for: TrackErp Brazilian Localization ZIP Codes Brazil

## Brazilian Fiscal Addons Pack 2 (BR2)
- l10n_br_account
    - Whats for: Account Core - Brasil

- l10n_br_account_due_list
    - Whats for: Módulo Account Due List - Brasil - This module creates the financial_move_line_ids field to list the payable or receivable account move line on invoices.

- l10n_br_account_nfe
    - Whats for: Integration between l10n_br_account and l10n_br_nfe - This module integrates the l10n_br_account and l10n_br_nfe modules.
    Adding Payment Information and Invoice Duplicates, TAGs cobr, pag and dup of NF-e/NFC-e.

- l10n_br_account_payment_brcobranca
    - Whats for: Account Payment BRCobranca - Brasil - This module implement brazilian bank splips('Boletos Bancarios') by using
    BRCobranca(https://github.com/kivanio/brcobranca).

- l10n_br_account_payment_order
    - Whats for: Payment Orders for Brazilian localization - O modulo implementa a parte comum da infra-estrutura necessária para o uso do CNAB 240 ou 400 localizando o modulo https://github.com/OCA/bank-payment/tree/12.0/account_payment_order onde o Modo de Pagamento é usado para as configurações especificas de cada CNAB e a Ordem de Pagamento para o envio de Instruções CNAB, também é incluído grupos de acesso para permissões de segurança e o registro do LOG de retorno. Porém a implementação foi pensada para permitir que seja possível usar diferentes bibliotecas para gerar e tratar o retorno do CNAB, por isso é preciso instalar um segundo modulo que vai ter essa função, portanto a ideia é que aqui estará tudo que for comum para a implementação mas não irá funcionar sem esse segundo modulo.

- l10n_br_base
    - Whats for: Customization of base module for implementations in Brazil.

- l10n_br_coa
    - Whats for: Accounting Charts Plan for Brazilian Localization

- l10n_br_coa_generic
    - Whats for: Generic Accounting Charts Plan for Brazilian Localization

- l10n_br_coa_simple
    - Whats for: Plano de Contas ITG 1000 para Microempresas e Empresa de Pequeno Porte

- l10n_br_contract
    - Whats for: Customization of Contract module for implementations in Brazil.

- l10n_br_crm
    - Whats for: Brazilian Localization CRM

- l10n_br_currency_rate_update
    - Whats for: Update exchange rates using OCA modules for Brazil

- l10n_br_delivery
    - Whats for: delivery module for Brazilian Localization

- l10n_br_delivery_nfe
    - Whats for: Brazilian Localization Delivery NFe

- l10n_br_fiscal
    - Whats for: Brazilian fiscal core module

- l10n_br_fiscal_closing
    - Whats for: Brazilian Period Fiscal Closing

- l10n_br_hr
    - Whats for: Brazilian Localization HR

- l10n_br_lot_extension
    - Whats for: Lot Extension for l10n_br_account

- l10n_br_mis_report
    - Whats for: Templates de relatórios contábeis brasileiros: Balanço Patrimonial e DRE

- l10n_br_nfe
    - Whats for: Brazilian Eletronic Invoice NF-e

- l10n_br_nfe_spec
    - Whats for: Brazilian Eletronic Data for NF-e SPEC

- l10n_br_nfse
    - Whats for: Brazilian Eletronic Invoice NFS-e

- l10n_br_portal
    - Whats for: Brazilian Fields on Portal

- l10n_br_purchase
    - Whats for: Brazilian Localization Purchase - This module extends the standard Odoo purchase module for Brazil, specially when selling products with NFe's. It deals with the propagation of the fiscal operation, and allow the creation of Invoice based on Picking generated by Purchase Order.

- l10n_br_purchase_request
    - Whats for: Purchase Request for Brazilian Localization - This module extends the Odoo Purchase Request module to adapt it to the Brazilian needs, with this module you have tax data for collection and generation of fiscal documents (NF-e, NFS-e, CF-e, NFC-e and others), calculation Brazilian taxes and contributions (municipal, state and federal).

- l10n_br_purchase_stock
    - Whats for: Brazilian Localization Purchase Stock - This module extends the standard Odoo purchase module for Brazil,
    specially when selling products with NFe's.
    It deals with the propagation of the fiscal operation and allow the creation
    of Picking and Invoices generated by a Purchase Order.

- l10n_br_repair
    - Whats for: Brazilian Localization Repair - This module extends the Odoo Repair module to adapt it to the Brazilian needs, with this module you have tax data for collection and generation of fiscal documents (NF-e, NFS-e, CF-e, NFC-e and others), calculation Brazilian taxes and contributions (municipal, state and federal).

- l10n_br_resource
    - Whats for: This module extend core resource to create important brazilian informations. Define a Brazilian calendar and some tools to compute dates used in financial and payroll modules

- l10n_br_sale
    - Whats for: Brazilian Localization Sale

- l10n_br_sale_invoice_plan
    - Whats for: Brazilian Localization Sale Invoice Plan - This module extends the Odoo Sale Invoice Plan module to adapt it to the Brazilian needs, with this module you have tax data for collection and generation of fiscal documents (NF-e, NFS-e, CF-e, NFC-e and others), calculation Brazilian taxes and contributions (municipal, state and federal).

- l10n_br_sale_stock
    - Whats for: Brazilian Localization Sales and Warehouse - This module extends the standard Odoo sale stock module for Brazil, specially when selling products with NFe's. It deals with the propagation of the fiscal operation, fiscal comment and incoterms to invoice created direct from sale order or picking.

- l10n_br_stock
    - Whats for: This module included the possibilite to search Stock Picking by  CNPJ/CPF, Razão Social or Inscrição Estadual.

- l10n_br_stock_account
    - Whats for: This module make possible create invoice based in Stock Pickings.

- l10n_br_website_sale
    - Whats for: This module adds brazilian fields and field validations to website sale.

- l10n_br_website_sale_delivery
    - Whats for: This module was written to extend the functionality of delivery to support the adequacy of Brazilian delivery standards and display the correct freight fields in website.


- l10n_br_zip
    - Whats for: Permite consultar o endereço através do CEP e preencher o campos do endereço com as informações consultadas, esse módulo também permite utilizar os seguintes serviços para consulta de CEP:

    * [API CEP](https://apicep.com/api-de-consulta/)
    * [Via CEP](https://viacep.com.br/)
    * [Correios](http://www.buscacep.correios.com.br/sistemas/buscacep/buscaCepEndereco.cfm)

    Para otimizar as buscas este módulo salva o resultado das consultas de cep na tabela l10n_br_zip, por padrão a cada 365 dias o registro de cep na tabela é atualizado em uma nova consulta de cep nos cadastros do Odoo.

- payment_pagseguro
    - Whats for: Payment Acquirer: PagSeguro Implementation

    This module extends the payment module to add a new payment method: Pagseguro.

    There are three ways to integrate the Pagseguro API, in this module we use the
    checkout transparent approach.

    You can learn more about that on this `youtube video <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DxKEKoSPkA>`_.

    If you wish to use Pagseguro on production environment you need to get an approval
    from pagseguro, more on that `here <https://dev.pagseguro.uol.com.br/docs/comecando-processo-de-integracao>`_.

- spec_driven_model
    - Whats for: This module is a databinding framework for Odoo and XML data: it allows to go from XML to Odoo objects back and forth. This module started with the `GenerateDS <https://www.davekuhlman.org/generateDS.html>`_  pure Python databinding framework and is now being migrated to xsdata. So a good starting point is to read `the xsdata documentation here <https://xsdata.readthedocs.io/>`_

    <p>But what if instead of only generating Python structures from XML files you could actually generate full blown Odoo objects or serialize Odoo objects back to XML? This is what this module is for!

    First you should generate xsdata Python binding libraries you would generate for your specific XSD grammar, the Brazilian Electronic Invoicing for instance, or UBL.

    Second you should generate Odoo abstract mixins for all these pure Python bindings. This can be achieved using `xsdata-odoo <https://github.com/akretion/xsdata-odoo>`_. An example is OCA/l10n-brazil/l10n_br_nfe_spec for the Brazilian Electronic Invoicing.

    SpecModel

    Now that you have generated these Odoo abstract bindings you should tell Odoo how to use them. For instance you may want that your electronic invoice abstract model matches the Odoo `res.partner` object. This is fairly easy, you mostly need to define an override like::


    from odoo.addons.spec_driven_model.models import spec_models


    class ResPartner(spec_models.SpecModel):
        _inherit = [
            'res.partner',
            'partner.binding.mixin',
        ]

    Notice you should inherit from `spec_models.SpecModel` and not the usual `models.Model`.

    **Field mapping**: You can then define two ways mapping between fields by overriding fields from Odoo or from the binding and using `_compute=` , `_inverse=` or simply `related=`.

    **Relational fields**: simple fields are easily mapped this way. However what about relational fields? In your XSD schema, your electronic invoice is related to the `partner.binding.mixin` not to an Odoo `res.partner`. Don't worry, when `SpecModel` classes are instanciated for all relational fields, we look if their comodel have been injected into some existing Odoo model and if so we remap them to the proper Odoo model.

    **Field prefixes**: to avoid field collision between the Odoo fields and the XSD fields, the XSD fields are prefixed with the name of the schema and a few digits representing the schema version (typically 2 digits). So if your schema get a minor version upgrade, the same fields and classes are used. For a major upgrade however new fields and classes may be used so data of several major versions could co-exist inside your Odoo database.


    StackedModel

    Sadly real life XML is a bit more complex than that. Often XML structures are deeply nested just because it makes it easier for XSD schemas to validate them! for instance an electronic invoice line can be a nested structure with lots of tax details and product details. In a relational model like Odoo however you often want flatter data structures. This is where `StackedModel` comes to the rescue! It inherits from `SpecModel` and when you inherit from `StackedModel` you can inherit from all the generated mixins corresponding to the nested XML tags below some tag (here `invoice.line.binding.mixin`). All the fields corresponding to these XML tag attributes will be collected in your model and the XML parsing and serialization will happen as expected::


    from odoo.addons.spec_driven_model.models import spec_models


    class InvoiceLine(spec_models.StackedModel):
        _inherit = [
            'account.move.line',
            'invoice.line.binding.mixin',
        ]
        _stacked = 'invoice.line.binding.mixin'

    All many2one fields that are required in the XSD (xsd_required=True) will get their model stacked automatically and recursively. You can force non required many2one fields to be stacked using the `_force_stack_paths` attribute. On the contrary, you can avoid some required many2one fields to be stacked using the `stack_skip` attribute.

    Hooks

    Because XSD schemas can define lot's of different models, spec_driven_model comes with handy hooks that will automatically make all XSD mixins turn into concrete Odoo model (eg with a table) if you didn't inject them into existing Odoo models.</p>
